Theory -

1).What is Emmet?
Ans: Emmet is a web-devloper toolkit that can be greatly used to improve our code typing with help of snippets like things.
It provides shortcuts to write code in a faster manner.

2). Difference between a Library and Framework?
Ans:Library is collection of functions, devloper can call at will and still control the flow of the software application.
Developer defines what operations performed and to be performed.
Framework is a structured application in which application defines content of process and developer need to follow the process 
and dvelop the code by keeping end user in mind.The framework defines the concept of functionality.
    
3).What is CDN? Why do we use it?
Ans: CDN stands for Content Delivery Network.It is used to deliver content like HTML,css,Javascript files,images,videos etc.. on webpages.

4).Why is React known as React?
Ans: The name React is choosen by Facebook developers because whenever some thing changes or renders in webpages it will react to it.

5).What is crossorigin in script tag?
Ans: It is used to transfer data from one domain to another domain.It is used to handel CORS request.CORS is a mechanism where resources 
like audio,video,script etc from third party servers with out leaking any credentials.It consits of two values annonymus ans use-credentials.

6).What is diference between React and ReactDOM?
Ans: React is responsible for creating views and ReactDOM is responsible for rendering its changes in UI.

7).What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
Ans: Dev build consits of source map files, debugger,React Dev tool.Dev build creats single bundle.js file on other hand Production build is 
used on client browser or end user with more perfomance improvements by minification of js and css files and source map is disabled at runtime and 
it has separete bundle for app and vendor .

8).What is async and defer?
Ans: They are boolean atributes which are used along scripts tags to load external scripts effeciently from the webpage. loading of scripts is two types
i)fetching scripts from Network ii)Excueting line by line. 
Async:  while browser parsing HTML files it parses script tags parallely and after fetching scripts tags it stop parsing HTML and Excuets scripts
after Excueting scripts only HTML parsing will be done.
Differ: while browser parsing HTML files it parses script tags parallely but After parsing HTML files only it will Executes scripts.