1) - What is `NPM`?
Ans:Npm is of two things: one its a Online repository to publish open source node projects.
second its a command line interface to install version managements,dependency management.One more important use of npm  is dependency management
if you run npm install from project root and npm will install all dependencies in package.json.This helps node.js project easier to install from
git repo.

2)What is `Parcel/Webpack`? Why do we need it?
Ans: parcel and Webpack is one of bundler used in react app .Where the bundler minfies the code, removes unwanted lines of code 
without making any changes to functionality  and makes it easier to send response or recieve response from server 
when it takes you to transfer multiple files without using any bundler for loading the page of your application.Both these bundlers reduce the
time it takes to transfer data and files to the server from application.

3)What is `.parcel-cache`?
Ans: parcel-cache is folder where it stores information about your project while parcel builds it .so that when it rebuilds it doesn't require
re-prase and re-analyze every thing from scratch. It is the one of the reason why parcel is so fast.
4)What is `npx` ?
Ans: Npx is node package executer.
5)What is difference between `dependencies` vs `devDependencies`?
Ans: devDependencies are modules which are only required during development.while dependencies are modules which are also required during runTime.

6)What is Tree Shaking?
Ans: Tree Shaking is a term commanly used with in a javaScript context to describe the removal of dead code.In moderen javaScript we use module 
bundlers to automatically remove dead code when bundling multiple javaScript files into single files.This is important to prepare code that is 
production ready for example with clean structures and minimal file size.

7)What is Hot Module Replacement?
Ans: Hot module Replacement exchanges,adds or remove modules while an application is running  without a full reload. This can significatnly speed up 
development in few ways
=> Retain a application state which is lost during a full reload.
=> save valuable development time by only updating  whats changed.

8)List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your own words .
Ans: i)Zero configutation 
ii)Hot mdoule Replacement
iii)Parcel-cache
iv) File watcher
v)Dev server

i)File watcher:This file wacther algoritham observsers each and every file in the application including node_modules and based on the events 
and metaData from these files  parcel  determines which file need to be rebuilt.
ii)Parcel-cache: When the initially parcel builds your project it stores the info about your project and when ever parcel need to re-build it doesn't 
require to re-prase and analyze the data as it was already pre-loaded so that it rebuilds the application faster.
iii)Dev Server: When ever the development build is run using parcel it automatically creates a server and runs the dev build on it.If some other 
build is already  running on the same build it creates a new port.

9)What is `.gitignore`? What should we add and not add into it?
Ans: It is  text file which tells git about which files need to be ignore in the project.The modules which can be regenerated or which can be build by using package.json data
should be added like node_modules,.parcel_cache etc..

10)What is the difference between `package.json` and `package-lock.json` ?
Ans: package.json consits of json document that package managers like npm or yarn uses to store project information.
In other words package.json is project metaData file.
The major difference between package.json and package-lock.json is that package.json will update node_modules if there is any minor version but package-lock.json
consits of exact same version of node_modules details in project_development.By the help of package-lock.json you can install required node_modules with out causing any
error while running your app.

11)Why should I not modify `package-lock.json`?
Ans: As we keep node_modules in .gitignore by modifing them it may cause breaking your app and also when some other person clones your app and uses npm install
it might break the app.It is advised to not at all modify the node_modules files.

12)What is `node_modules` ? Is it a good idea to push that on git?
Ans:node_modules consits of project data and they are like bulding blocks of application.

13)What is the `dist` folder?
Ans 'dist' directory is where final built version of your project is stored.When you run parcel bundler to build your project it will take all assest
and dependencies that are required in your project and process them as necessary and the final result in the dist directory.

14) What is `browserlists ?
Ans: it helps to maintain the app in which version of browser should be supported.